README.md, before:

# Too Many Stones

This mod is in a quite functional state, but not a polished state. It currently features 16 stone types that all spawn in the world, cobble for most of them, and bricks and blocks for all stone types. If your game supplies stairs, you will have access to stairs and slabs. If your game has walls, then you will also get walls for most stone types. The placement of the stones in the mapgen is not final. More stones may be added, and you can put a feature request on ContentDB or the repo for new ones. I probably won't add any boring stones though.

Done:
Amazonite-(light green)
Bluestone-(dark blue)
Calcite-(light grey)
Carnotite-(mustard yellow)
Blue Granite-(blue)
Green Granite-(green)
Red Granite-(red)
Greenstone-(dark green)
Ilvaite-(black)
Kyanite-(light blue)
Blue Limestone-(blue grey)
White Limestone-(yellow grey)
Marble-(white)
Rose Quartz-(pink)
Scoria-(red)
Sugilite-(purple)

To Do:
Finalize stone spawn locations, blob size, and blob shape
Get play testers
Add Ores?
Find and add ore mods to optional depends

Commit message:

add slate, change preview image

README.md, after:

# Too Many Stones

This mod is in a quite functional state, but not a polished state. It currently features 17 stone types that all spawn in the world, cobble for most of them, and bricks and blocks for all stone types. If your game supplies stairs, you will have access to stairs and slabs. If your game has walls, then you will also get walls for most stone types. The placement of the stones in the mapgen is nearling finalization. More stones may be added, and you can put a feature request on ContentDB or the repo for new ones. I probably won't add any boring stones though.

Done:
Amazonite-(light green)
Bluestone-(dark blue)
Calcite-(light grey)
Carnotite-(mustard yellow)
Blue Granite-(blue)
Green Granite-(green)
Red Granite-(red)
Greenstone-(dark green)
Ilvaite-(black)
Kyanite-(light blue)
Blue Limestone-(blue grey)
White Limestone-(yellow grey)
Marble-(white)
Rose Quartz-(pink)
Scoria-(red)
Slate-(dark grey)
Sugilite-(purple)

To Do:
Finalize stone spawn locations, blob size, and blob shape
Get play testers
Add Ores?
Find and add ore mods to optional depends
Glow Stone?
